Well, now that I'm a week into my IronYard experience, I think it'd be nice to share my thoughts and feelings about my progress thus far. I knew coming in that this bootcamp would challenge me in big and unexpected ways. Maybe I just wasn't prepared for how soon I'd start to feel underwater! I've found that my greatest challenge is just learning to speak the computer's language. Computers are basically "just" elaborate data shuffling machines. However, they need instructions handed to them in a very specific and regimented way. In my case, that means getting well acquainted with not just the peculiar syntax of Objective-C but also familarizing myself with the object-oriented principles behind the code. It's alot to juggle at once but I'm assuaged by the fact that I've literally only been about this in a serious way for just a handful of days! One thing I've noticed is that I've begun to feel a greater sense of appreciation for how programming is, at it's core, ordering and representing information in a way that a computer can easily process and make sense of. 
There remains so much to learn and even once I've graduated from this bootcamp there will still be more to learn. More than anything, I hope to come away from this bootcamp having learned how to learn. The tech industry evolves at breakneck speed and any aspiring developer will need to keep abreast of the new methodologies, frameworks, languages, etc that are constantly appearing. I feel excited, intimidated, and hopeful all at once!
