Growth vs. Fixed mindsets

Research shows that a person's attitude towards their perceived growth potential can profoundly effect the degree to which someone can grow and achieve success. These two attitudes are what's known as the growth and fixed mindsets. The growth mindset is believing that one's capabilities are not static but can grow and blossom through hard work, perserverance, and relentless determination. Conversely, the fixed mindset is an attitude that one's abilities are limited to some pre-determined level of skill, knowledge or learning ability. I think I exhibit characteristics of both. As far as the fixed mindset, I do have this at times unhelpful belief that if the effort required for something is too great, then maybe it isn't worth pursuing. For instance, I struggled with math growing up and unsurprisingly, it was my least favorite subject in school. By the time I had reached high school, I was basically doing the bare minimum required to pass my math classes. I just chalked it up to not having the kind of brain that excelled at math and that there wasn't a thing I could, or should, do about it. I rationalized this laziness by convincing myself that I didn't expect to work in a math-heavy field and that all the math I would need in day-to-day life I had already learned by the 3rd grade anyways. So, in that respect, I had adopted a fixed mindset. On the other hand, I've found that the sense of satisfaction I gain from having worked hard and succeeded to far outweigh whatever hardships I endured to reach that point. This is particularly true if the activity is intrisically interesting. I love apps, I use them all the time and I want to learn how to create them. But between here and there is a lot of difficult code. I expect to fail frequently and to experience deep frustration. I've been told that's just part of the process. So, I want to cultivate more of the growth mindset in myself because after having struggled, coming out the other end with useful and visually appealing apps will have made it all worth it.
